{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f106\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f107\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}
{\f109\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f110\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f111\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s2\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\i\f1\cf12 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright 
\b\f1\fs20\cf2 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\cf2 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Help Topic Heading;}{\s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext16 
footnote text;}{\*\cs17 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s18\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \f1\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext18 header;}{\s19\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \f1\fs20 
\sbasedon0 \snext19 footer;}{\*\cs20 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs21 \additive \i \sbasedon10 Emphasis;}{\*\cs22 \additive \b \sbasedon10 Strong;}}{\info{\title # $ + K Network Lights}{\author Win98}
{\doccomm <project = d:\\dev\\netpersec\\hlp\\netpersec.hpj>}{\operator Mark}{\creatim\yr2001\mo2\dy19\hr13\min8}{\revtim\yr2001\mo2\dy19\hr13\min8}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords2868}{\nofchars16353}{\*\company Microsoft Corporation}
{\nofcharsws20082}{\vern71}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0{\*\template C:\\msoffice\\Templates\\HLPBRZ7.DOT}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs32\cf2 {\cs17\b0\fs28\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super #}{
 IDH_network_lights}}}{{\*\bkmkstart IDH_network_lights}{\*\bkmkend IDH_network_lights} }{\cs17\b0\fs28\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super $}{ NetPerSec}}}{ }{\cs17\b0\fs28\super +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super +}{ alpha:0005}}}{ }{\cs17\b0\fs28\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super K}{ NetPerSec;Using NetPerSec}}}{ NetPerSec
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
\par 
\par How fast is your Internet connection, really?  Different types of connections promise different communication speeds, but is this what you're actually getting?  NetPerSec, lets you check your connection speed in real time.  Its dynamic 
tray icon shows send and receive activity with a bar graph or a histogram.  You can also view current and average send and receive speeds in a configurable, graphical display. 
\par 
\par NetPerSec configures itself automatically and will detect your current access 
medium to the Internet -- modem or network interface card.  You can start and stop NetPerSec at any time and do not need to restart your Internet connection.  NetPerSec also monitors all TCP/IP activity whether it is over the Internet or on an internal LA
N, or WAN, network.
\par 
\par NetPerSec runs under-- Windows 9x, Windows ME, Windows NT, and Windows 2000.  Please see the }{\uldb\cf11 Requirements}{\v IDH_requirements_and_limitations}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 
macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{ section for details.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \shading2500 \b\i\f1\cf12 {Using NetPerSec
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {NetPerSec appears as an }{\uldb\cf11 icon}{\v IDH_netpersec_icon}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}
{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{ in the system tray and indicates current activity on the network or Internet.   
\par 
\par The NetPerSec dialog can be accessed by double clicking on the NetPerSec icon, or by right clicking on the icon and selecting Open.  The dialog consists of the following tabs:
\par 
\par 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 Graph Tab}{\v IDH_connection_tab}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{ 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 Options Tab}{\v IDH_options_tab}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{ 
\par }{\uldb\cf11 Display Tab}{\v IDH_colors_tab}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\cf1 
\par }{
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs32\cf2 {\page }{\cs17\super {\*\bkmkstart IDH_connection_tab}{\*\bkmkend IDH_connection_tab}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
\cs17\super #}{ IDH_connection_tab}}}{ }{\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super $}{ Connection Tab}}}{ }{\cs17\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
\cs17\super +}{ alpha:0010}}}{ }{\cs17\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super K}{ Graph Ta
b;Auto Scale; Current; Average;Bytes per second;Bits per second;Comparing NetPerSec's Results with Other Utilities;Modem Connections;Max}}}{ Graph Tab
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
\par The Graph Tab displays information regarding your current session.
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton  InsertGraphic }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst { INCLUDEPICTURE "d:\\\\dev\\\\netpersec\\\\images\\\\graph.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 }}}}}{\cf5 \{bmc images\\
graph.bmp\}}{
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \shading2500 \b\i\f1\cf12 {Sent and Received Panels
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {These areas display your transfer rates while on the Internet.   Clicking the right mouse button on either graph will switch to the }{\uldb\cf11 Display}{\v IDH_colors_tab}{\field{\*\fldinst {
 macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{ tab.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Current
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Displays the current bits per second, or bytes per second, being transferred.   The rate at which this information is updated can be configured using the Sampling Rate option in the }{\uldb\cf11 
Options Tab}{\v IDH_options_tab}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Average
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Displays your
 average transfer rate.   Averages are calculated over a period of time and can therefore differ from what your browser, FTP, or other utility may be reporting.   Use the Averaging Window option on the }{\uldb\cf11 Options Tab }{\v IDH_options_tab}
{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{ to configure this setting.  Please see the }{\i 
Comparing NetPerSec's Results with other Utilities }{ section below for more information on averages.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Max
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {This value is the fastest sample rate currently displayed in the Sent and Received graphs.  Note that the Max values can exceed the rated speed of your modem.   Please see the }{\i 
Modem Connections}{ section at the bottom of this page for more information.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Auto Scale
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Each of the graphs provide an Auto Scale option whi
ch dynamically adjusts the range of the graph so that all bars, or lines, are drawn completely within the graph.  Auto Scale is recommended if you are using a high bandwidth device such as cable, DSL, or T1 line.
\par 
\par Modem users may wish to manually configure
 the range of the graph to match the rated speed of their modem.  For example, if you have a 56 kbps modem, set the graph display mode to bps, and adjust the slider control so that the topmost value in the graph displays 56k bits/sec.   
\par 
\par The slider control for the Scale is disabled if the Auto Scale option is selected, however, the slider will automatically move according to the average data rate.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \shading2500 \b\i\f1\cf12 {Display Panel
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Current and Average
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Selects which type of information is to be displayed in the graph.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Bar and Line Graph
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Selects the type of graph to display in the Received and Sent panels.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {bps and Bps
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {The current and average values reflect data throughput rates using either bits per second or bytes per second.  Throughput is the amount of data that has been s
ent, or received, within a specific duration of time.  The greater the throughput, the faster your Internet connection is.
\par 
\par By convention, data transmission devices, such as modems and networks, are measured in }{\i bits per second}{, or }{\i bps}{.  Data storage devices, such as hard drives and memory, are measured in }{\i bytes}{ and use a capital B as in }{\i 
Bytes per second}{, or }{\i Bps}{.  To avoid confusion, NetPerSec uses the entire word as in Bytes/sec and bits/sec when displaying values.
\par 
\par When viewing data transmission rates in b
its per second (bps), you are comparing the efficiency of your modem or network interface to the actual data throughput of your Internet connection.   For example, if you are using a 56 kbps modem, and want to see how well it is performing, use the bits p
e
r second option in NetPerSec.  Displaying bits per second is also helpful when playing media over the Internet such as streaming video.  If your cable connection is currently averaging about 150 kbps you'll know beforehand that selecting the high bandwidt
h 300 kbps movie will result in long pauses and dropped frames.  You'll get better results with the smaller 100 kbps version.
\par 
\par When displaying bytes per second (Bps), you are measuring efficiency in terms of data storage and the calculations are done using 
binary format.  You will want to use this option when downloading files off of the Internet or moving files across a network.  The values displayed in NetPerSec will be consistent with those reported by your browser, or FTP utility, when indicating the by
tes received per second.
\par 
\par Values may also be combined with the standard metric prefixes: kilo, mega, and giga.  These prefixes are abbreviated using the single letters k,K,M and G.   Please see the }{\uldb\cf11 Bits, Bytes and Metric Prefixes}{\v IDH_bits__bytes__and_the_met
ric_prefixes}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }
}{\fldrslt }}{ section for more information.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cf12 {
\par Comparing NetPerSec's Results with other Utilities
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {When comparing the average data throughput reported in NetP
erSec with the results displayed in other utilities, such as your browser, or FTP program, it is very likely that the two throughput rates are different.  The reason for this is because averages are calculated by using the total bytes received, or sent, s
t
arting at a specific point in time and then dividing the amount by the elapsed time.  Since it is unlikely that both NetPerSec and the other utility began at the same exact point in time to base the average calculations on, the numbers that are reported w
i
ll be different.  However, over time, usually within 10 to 15 seconds, the numbers reported from each utility will gradually begin to coincide with each other.  The most accurate method to determine data throughput is to download a large compressed file, 
over 1MB, from a local server, preferably from your own ISP. 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cf12 {Modem Connections
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {When using a modem connection you may occasionally notice data transmission bursts that exceed the rated speed of your modem.  This is a result of the compression and bufferin
g used with modems and is completely normal.  You will notice that these bursts occur more frequently when viewing Web pages containing lots of text and rarely when downloading files that have already been compressed.  For best results, you should use a }
{\uldb\cf11 sampling rate}{\v IDH_options_tab}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {
\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{ of one second or higher, and rely on the Average throughput values when evaluating your connection speed.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs32\cf2 {\page }{\cs17\super {\*\bkmkstart IDH_options_tab}{\*\bkmkend IDH_options_tab}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super #}{
 IDH_options_tab}}}{ }{\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super $}{ Graph Tab}}}{ }{\cs17\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super +}{ alpha:0015}}}{
 }{\cs17\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super K}{ Options Tab;Sampling Rate;Averaging Window;Network Interface;Dial-up Networking;VPN Connections;PPPoE Connections}}}{ Options Tab
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
\par Use the Options tab to fine tune NetPerSec's operation according to your connection type and preferences.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton  InsertGraphic }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst { INCLUDEPICTURE "d:\\\\dev\\\\netpersec\\\\images\\\\options.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 }}}}}{\cf5 \{bmc images
\\options.bmp\}}{
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \shading2500 \b\i\f1\cf12 {Sampling and Averaging
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Sampling Rate
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
Sampling Rate specifies the frequency in which NetPerSec collects network information.  The sampling intervals are denoted in seconds and range from one quarter of a second up to five seconds.  Selecting a frequency of one quar
ter of a second means that NetPerSec will update its results, graphs, and icon, four times every second.
\par 
\par Faster sampling rates result in greater accuracy when calculating data throughput rates. A sample rate of one second provides accurate statistics and 
sufficient detail for the icon and graphs.  Slower samplings, above three seconds, work well under high traffic conditions such as when running on a network server since the graphs will contain samples spanning a longer period of time.
\par  
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Averaging Window
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {A
veraging Window specifies the time span, or window, used when calculating the average data throughput rates. This is necessary since most systems are not continuously sending and receiving data over the network.   When viewing a Web page for example, the 
data transfer might last only a few seconds, or when sending an email, a minute or two.  If NetPerSec calculated averages based upon your entire session, the values would gradually diminish to zero and remain there.
\par 
\par Specifying a window between 10 and 30 seconds will yield accurate results for the average.  If you are downloading lots of files, and have a fast Internet connection, you may wish to use higher values such as 60 seconds for even greater accuracy.   

\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Network Interface
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Depending upon your configuration, you may wish to specify which adapter NetPerSec should monitor to collect networking statistics.
\par 
\par {\*\bkmkstart hbz_save_3345}{\*\bkmkend hbz_save_3345}Some network drivers record data transmission amounts under several adapter interfaces under Windows.   This causes NetPerSec, and other utilities suc
h as netstat, to report double the amount of data actually transferred.   To determine if this is a problem with your system try the following test.   Press the Reset button on NetPerSec's }{\uldb\cf11 Graph Tab}{\v IDH_connection_tab}{\field{\*\fldinst {
 macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\cf1  and select the }{
\i Bytes per second}{ option.   Download a file using your browser and note the total number of bytes transmitted.  If the number of bytes in the }{\i Received: }{pane is double what your browser reported, you will need to use either the }{\i 
Monitor dial-up networking}{, or }{\i Monitor specific adapter}{, options below.  Note that NetPerSec may not exactly match the number of bytes reported by your browser since NetPerSec's calculations include framing ch
aracters and other network activity that your browser is not capable of monitoring.
\par  
\par Selecting a different network interface to monitor will reset all data in the }{\uldb\cf11 Graph Tab}{\v IDH_connection_tab}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}
{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{.  The totals for the received and sent values will reset to the amounts for your entire Windows session. 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b Monitor all network activity.
\par }{This is the default option for NetPerSec.   All adapters configured in your system are monitored for network activity.
\par 
\par }{\b Monitor dial-up networking only.
\par }{NetPerSec will collect data throughput statistics using performance counters contained in the system registry.   If you use Window's }{\i Dial-up Networking}{, or if your Internet connection requires }{\i Point-to-point protocol over Ethernet }{
(PPPoE), you may wish to use this option.   
\par }\pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {NetPerSec only supports a single dial-up adapter.  If you have installed multiple dial-up adapters, you may need to use one of the other network interface options 
listed in this section.   Windows 95 users must have the }{\uldb\cf11 Dial-up Networking Upgrade}{\v IDH_requirements_and_limitations}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}
}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{ installed.
\par 
\par }{\b Monitor specific adapter. 
\par }{A list of adapters configured in your system will appear in a combo box next to this option. NetPerSec will only monitor the specific adapter selected from this list.   Note that you may have duplicate entries in the list, such as several }{\i 
PPP Adapters}{.   You will need to experiment with the different adapters in order to determine the entry used by your Internet connection.   Users who connect to their ISP using }{\i Virtual Private Networking}{ (VPN) may need to select this option.

\par 
\par If you are using Windows 2000,
 your Dial-up and other adapters may not be present in the list until you have previously established a connection using the adapter.   Also, Windows 9.x users may observe several extraneous characters appended to the name of certain adapters.  This is a 
problem with the Windows SNMP drivers and may be ignored.
\par 
\par  
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs32\cf2 {\page }{\cs17\super {\*\bkmkstart IDH_colors_tab}{\*\bkmkend IDH_colors_tab}#{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super #}{
 IDH_colors_tab}}}{ }{\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super $}{ Display Tab}}}{ }{\cs17\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super +}{ alpha:0025}}}
{ }{\cs17\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super K}{ Display Tab;Colors;Startup Options;Always on top;Icons}}}{ Display Tab
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
\par The Display tab contains options to configure the colors displayed in the graphs and icons, which icon to use, and the display mode of the NetPerSec dialog.
\par 
\par }\pard \qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton  InsertGraphic }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst { INCLUDEPICTURE "display.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 }}}}}{\cf5 \{bmc display.bmp\}}{
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \shading2500 \b\i\f1\cf12 {Graph & Icon Colors
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Sample Icon
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Illustrates how the icon will appear in the system tray.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Bar graph and Histogram icon
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Selects the type of icon to be displayed in the system tray.   See NetPerSec's }{\uldb\cf11 icon}{\v IDH_netpersec_icon}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {
\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{ section for more information.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Send and Receiving and Background Colors
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Sets the colors used in the system tray icon and in the graphs in the }{\uldb\cf11 Graph Tab}{\v IDH_connection_tab}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {
\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{
.   Clicking on either of these buttons will display a color selection window.  Because the system tray only supports 16 colors, the selection of colors is limited.   
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Average and Graph Background Colors
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Clicking on these buttons will display the Windows Color dialog.   Since these items are not limited to the 16 colors used in the icon, you may select any color in th
e available from the color dialog}{\v IDH_connection_tab}{.   You must be using High Color or True Color for certain colors to appear correctly.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Undo
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Restores all colors to their previously saved values.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Default Colors
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Sets all colors to NetPerSec's default colors.
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \shading2500 \b\i\f1\cf12 {Startup and Display
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Start with Windows
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Automatically start NetPerSec with each session of Windows.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Always on Top
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {Displays the NetPerSec dialog on top of all other windows.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs32\cf2 {{\*\bkmkstart IDH_stats_tab}{\*\bkmkend IDH_stats_tab}\page }{\cs17\super {\*\bkmkstart IDH_netpersec_icon}{\*\bkmkend IDH_netpersec_icon}#{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super #}{ IDH_netpersec_icon}}}{ }{\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super $}{ NetPerSec's Icon}}}{ }{\cs17\super +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super +}{ alpha:0045}}}{ }{\cs17\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super K}{ NetPerSec's Icon}}}{ NetPerSec's Icon
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
\par 
\par With NetPerSec you can select between two icons to display in the system tray, a bar graph and a histogram graph.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Bar graph icon }{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton  InsertGraphic }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst { INCLUDEPICTURE "D:\\\\dev\\\\netpersec\\\\images\\\\
trayicon.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 }}}}}{\cf5 \{bmc images\\trayicon.bmp\}}{\cf1  }{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {The bar graph icon consists of two p
anels; the left panel is used when sending data and the right panel when receiving data. The height of the bars will change according to the rate in which the data is being transferred.    The taller the bar, the faster your current connection is based up
on your average data throughput.  You may change the colors displayed in the icon using the }{\uldb\cf11 Display Tab}{\v IDH_colors_tab}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}
}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel2\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cf2 {Histogram icon }{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton  InsertGraphic }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst { INCLUDEPICTURE "D:\\\\dev\\\\netpersec\\\\images\\\\
histogram.bmp" \\* MERGEFORMAT \\d }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024 }}}}}{\cf5 \{bmc images\\histogram.bmp\}}{\cf1  }{
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {The Histogram icon displays the most recent samples of data transmission rates.  Samples are comprised of statistics that NetPerSec collects periodically from you
r network.  For example, if you have configured NetPerSec to monitor your connection once per second, then the sample will consist of a 'snapshot' of network activity that has occurred during a one second interval.
\par 
\par The top half of the icon indicates received data and the lower half indicates sent data. Taller bars in the graph indicate faster transmission rates.   The graph is automatically scaled using the last 14 samples. 
\par 
\par Note that icons in the system tray are limited to a size of 16x16 pixels.  In sys
tems that use high display resolutions the histogram icon may be difficult to see and you may wish to use the bar graph icon instead.  Also, because of this size limitation, the histogram displayed within the icon will not exactly mirror the graph display
ed in the }{\uldb\cf11 Graph tab}{\v IDH_connection_tab}{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}
{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{. The Graph tab is capable of rendering greater detail over a longer period of time.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs32\cf2 {\page }{\cs17\super {\*\bkmkstart IDH_requirements_and_limitations}{\*\bkmkend IDH_requirements_and_limitations}#{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super #}{ IDH_requirements_and_limitations}}}{ }{\cs17\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super $}{ Requirements}}}{ }{\cs17\super +{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super +}{ alpha:0045}}}{ }{\cs17\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super K}{ Requirements;Windows 95;Windows NT;Troubleshooting}}}{
 Requirements
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cf12 {Windows NT 4
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {If you are using Windows NT 4 it is suggested that you install service pack 4 or higher.   Older versions of NT contain a bug in the SNMP interface which result in memory leaks. 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cf12 {Windows 95
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {If you are using Windows 95 you must have the Winsock v2.0 update and the Dialup Networking Upgrade installed.  Both of these updates may be downloaded from }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f15 
HYPERLINK "http://www.microsoft.com/windows95/downloads/"}{\f15 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b5c00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e006d006900630072006f0073006f00660074002e0063006f006d002f00770069006e0064006f0077007300390035002f0064006f0077006e006c006f00
6100640073002f000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs20\f15\ul\cf2 http://www.microsoft.com/windows95/downloads/}}}{\f15 .}{
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\sa120\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\i\f1\cf12 {Troubleshooting
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {If you receive an error message
 when starting NetPerSec, or if NetPerSec does not seem to be reporting network statistics, please verify the following.    NetPerSec relies on two files in your system in order to work -- INETMIB1.DLL and SNMPAPI.DLL.  Both of these files must reside in 
the Windows folder if you are running Windows 9.x, or in the System32 folder if you are running Window NT/2000.  Please verify that these files are present and do not exist in other folders such as C:\\Windows\\System or C:\\
WinNT.  If you find duplicates of these files outside of the proper folders you will need to delete them to the Recycle Bin and restart your system.
\par 
\par Certain combinations of network interfaces and drivers may cause NetPerSec to report double or more amounts for the data actually transferred.   Please see the }{\i Network Interface}{ section under the }{\uldb\cf11 Options tab}{\v IDH_options_tab}
{\field{\*\fldinst { macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  }{\cf6 macrobutton DoJump2 <+>}}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{\field{\*\fldinst {\cf1  macrobutton NextField }}{\fldrslt }}{
 for details on how to correct this problem.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \shading2500 \b\f1\fs32\cf2 {\page }{\cs17\super {\*\bkmkstart IDH_bits__bytes__and_the_metric_prefixes}{\*\bkmkend IDH_bits__bytes__and_the_metric_prefixes}#{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super #}{ IDH_bits__bytes__and_the_metric_prefixes}}${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super $}{ Bits, Bytes, and the Metric Prefixes}}+{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super +}{ alpha:0050}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\cs17\super K}{ Bits, Bytes, and the Metric Prefixes}}}{Bits, Bytes, and the Metric Prefixes

\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
\par NetPerSec displays data throughput using both }{\i bits per second }{and }{\i bytes per second }{in conjunction with the standard metric prefixes G, M, and k.    These prefixes have the following definitions:
\par }\pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\f2 \tab \tab \tab }{\b\f2\ul Decimal Values
\par }{\f2\ul 
\par }{\f2 \tab kilo (k)\tab = 1,000 or thousand
\par \tab mega (M)\tab = 1,000,000 or million
\par \tab giga (G)\tab = 1,000,000,000 or billion
\par }{
\par When displaying }{\i bits per second}{, the metric prefixes are interpreted using their }{\b decimal}{ values, as show above.   However, when displaying }{\i bytes per second, }{the prefixes are interpreted using their }{\b binary}{ values.
\par }{\f2 
\par }\pard \fi720\li1440\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f2\ul Binary Values}{\f2 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f2 
\par }\pard \fi720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f2 kilo (K)\tab = 1,024 
\par mega (M)\tab = 1,048,576 
\par giga (G)\tab = 1,073,741,824 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f2 
\par }{
\par Note that the binary prefix for kilo uses the uppercase letter }{\b K}{ while the decimal notation uses the lowercase }{\b k}{.  An uppercase K is the standard method to indicate binary kilobytes.
\par 
\par By convention, data transmission devices, such as modems and networks, are measured in terms of bits per second and use the }{\b decimal}{ metric prefixes.  Data storage devices, such as hard drives and memory, are measured in bytes, and use the }{\b 
binary}{ metric prefixes.
\par 
\par 
\par NetPerSec uses the following terms and values in its calculations:
\par 
\par }{\f2 \tab }{\f2\ul Prefix   Abbreviation   Size
\par }{\f2 \tab bit     \tab b\tab \tab 0 or 1
\par }\pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\f2 \tab Byte    \tab B\tab \tab 8 bits
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs20 {\f2 \tab kilobit\tab kb\tab \tab 1,000 bits (decimal)
\par \tab Kilobyte\tab KB\tab \tab 1,024 bytes (binary)
\par \tab Megabit\tab Mb\tab \tab 1,000,000 bits (decimal)
\par \tab Megabyte\tab MB\tab \tab 1,048,576 bytes (binary)
\par \tab Gigabit\tab Gb\tab \tab 1,000,000,000 bits (decimal)
\par \tab Gigabyte\tab GB\tab \tab 1,073,741,824 bytes (binary)
\par }{
\par \tab 
\par Therefore, if the current data throughput rate is 56 kbps, the binary equivalent would be displayed as 6.8 KBps.   The calculation is performed using 56000(kbps) divided by 1024(KB) divided by 8(Bytes).  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}